what's up guys this is damien with harsh
online and i wanted to do a quick video
about some of the apps you might want to
have in your arsenal if you plan on
hacking or modding your tablet phone
whatever android device that you own
we're going to just jump right into this
the first thing I recommend you to get
would be a little app called airdroid
now this is what the interface on your
as you can see I'm a touchpad your
tablet from whatever that you have
that's Android this is what the
interface looks like on the device so
what you would do is log in to this IP
address and enter your code that would
be down here actually we're going to go
ahead we're going to do it so you you'll
go to this this address and enter that
on your computer and then this code you
would enter that into the air droid
interface the password okay three you'll
hear that tone from your device and that
lets you know you're logged in area so
what can you do it airdroid okay when
you download your rom your hack whatever
you it is that you need you know
normally you would grab your micro HDMI
cable and you would transfer that to the
SD card or internal memory of your
device well what airdroid allows you to
do is it allows you to just over Wi-Fi
put all your files onto your device and
vice versa so as you can see in this as
you can see the files I can go into my
files these are all the files there on
my touchpad and I can go to my SD card
and say
my backups my clockwork my backups I can
click on them and bam there's my backup
now that what i normally use it for i do
use it to transfer files off for my
device and to my computer but when i
mainly use it for is if i download my
rom and i need to get it on my SD card
without having to you know find a wired
all you know that mess I just going to
files click upload select files and
these are all of my files and then I
just transfer on there and click open I
don't really have any files right now so
I'm not going to demonstrate that and
it'll light up right here and it will
start uploading and after its Finn and
ship it has been successfully downloaded
uploaded to my device then else a
success airdroid saves you a ton of time
a ton of time instead of trying to look
for your microsd and then you know
sometimes now you can't even do just a
direct you have to download that was the
android file transfer or whatever you
know it's just make it just makes a
whole lot less heck did i like to have
on my on hand when i'm doing things with
android or hacking is a solid explorer
solid explorer lets you is you know it's
a standard file explorer app and but you
know it has a little bit more visual
flair and you guys know I love a visual
flair it let allows you to connect
through ftp human scan through your
folders but it also allows you to
connect to the cloud only two services
now box.net and Dropbox which you know
probably are arguably the most popular
cloud services on android right now
maybe not long before Google Drive tech
so if you turn the device then you get a
multiple view you so you can on one side
be looking at your internal
Murray and on the other side look at
your SD card and it makes life a whole
lot easier when transferring files
between the two and also I like the fact
that with solid the Explorer you can
view what's taken up your memory
currently in a nice little diagram
that's one thing that root explorer
maybe FX don't have going for them as
much as solid explorer does another app
that I like to have on hand is for
Diagnostics is system panel now we just
saw you know the properties of what was
taking up memory on our device system
panel gets a little deeper and lets you
know processors what your cpu activity
is as you can see it's a green which
means that on the first court and then
number two is for the second quarter do
a quarter phone so this shows that you
know what process is not what processes
are running but how much of the system
is being used network memory internal
memory battery temperatures just pretty
much anything you need to know hardware
wise about your device and it's always
good to have a hand especially if you're
starting to see maybe an app is gone
rogue or your your device is slowing
down stuttering a little bit you can
kind of use these tools to to search and
see what it is that could be the problem
and those are the tools I like to have
on deck airdroid solid Explorer and set
system panel
and there'll be links below for you guys
to be able to go directly to the market
and be able to check those apps out for
yourself but this was damien house
online didn't want to do that big of a
video just you know something to help
you guys out while you're rooting
android so once again this is damien
hosh online peace